Deprecate the Helioviewer Client (#6404)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6404.deprecation.rst

The ``sunpy.net.helioviewer`` module is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.1.

> The Helioviewer Project now maintains a Python Wrapper called `hvpy <https://hvpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Helioviewer Project now maintains a replacement Python library called `hvpy <https://hvpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__.
```
